chore: bump apps engine version (#32064)
RocketChat/Rocket.Chat: .changeset/chatty-suits-dance.md

---
'@rocket.chat/omnichannel-services': minor
'rocketchat-services': minor
'@rocket.chat/omnichannel-transcript': minor
'@rocket.chat/authorization-service': minor
'@rocket.chat/web-ui-registration': minor
'@rocket.chat/stream-hub-service': minor
'@rocket.chat/uikit-playground': minor
'@rocket.chat/presence-service': minor
'@rocket.chat/fuselage-ui-kit': minor
'@rocket.chat/instance-status': minor
'@rocket.chat/account-service': minor
'@rocket.chat/api-client': minor
'@rocket.chat/ddp-client': minor
'@rocket.chat/pdf-worker': minor
'@rocket.chat/core-services': minor
'@rocket.chat/model-typings': minor
'@rocket.chat/ui-video-conf': minor
'@rocket.chat/core-typings': minor
'@rocket.chat/rest-typings': minor
'@rocket.chat/ddp-streamer': minor
'@rocket.chat/queue-worker': minor
'@rocket.chat/presence': minor
'@rocket.chat/ui-contexts': minor
'@rocket.chat/license': minor
'@rocket.chat/gazzodown': minor
'@rocket.chat/ui-client': minor
'@rocket.chat/livechat': minor
'@rocket.chat/models': minor
'@rocket.chat/cron': minor
'@rocket.chat/meteor': minor
---

> This updated version addresses issues with all applications utilizing the OAuth 2 library from Apps Engine, ensuring that apps like Google Drive and Google Calendar are operational once more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix an issue affecting Rocket.Chat Apps utilizing the OAuth 2 library from Apps Engine, ensuring that apps like Google Drive and Google Calendar are operational once more.
```
